=head1 NAME

RSP::Extension - documents the virtual extension interface

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The RSP is a JavaScript application engine, and out of the box JavaScript
does very, very little.  The RSP enhances the JavaScript environment with
extensions.

Writing an extension for the RSP is designed to be as trivial as possible,
without sacrificing any capabilities.  In its simplest form, an extension
has a single method, called C<provides> which returns a list.

The list contains data and code that are inserted directly into the JavaScript
environment.

=head1 EXAMPLE

  package My::Extension;
  
  use strict;
  use warnings;
  
  ## makes the system.foo function available to JavaScript. 
  sub provides {
    my $class = shift;
    my RSP::Transaction $tx = shift;
    return (
      'foo' => sub {
        return 'bar';
      }
    );
  }
  
  1;
  
=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item RSP::Transaction

=item JavaScript

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

James A. Duncan <james@reasonablysmart.com>

=head1 LICENSE

This file is part of the RSP.

The RSP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The RSP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with the RSP.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut